This is NetProfile, a Mandriva tool to support different network profiles.

The idea of this application is quite simple. For different network
environments one requires different network settings. For example, you may
use a fixed IP at home, with firewall disabled, and no proxy. At work, you
must use a corporate proxy and a DHCP address for your ethernet connection.
And while at a LAN house or Internet cafe, a full-featured firewall must be
used, ethernet connection disabled and a tor proxy (for example) to be in
effect.

How to achieve this in a working system? Usually you must manually
reconfigure the network settings, edit configuration files for network,
firewall and proxy, and so on. And this is where netprofile comes into
action.

The netprofile uses the concept of network profiles to represent different
network environments. You start with the 'default' profile, and you may use
your system normally. If you want to setup a different network environment,
you may 'switch' to a different profile (a new profile will be created if
necessary). Your current settings will be saved to your previous profile,
and all changes to system configuration will now apply to your new profile.

To illustrate:

 - You configure your system to use fixed IP address and a specific firewall
   configuration.
 - You go to work, where different network environment takes place. You
   switch to the work profile ('netprofile switch work', or using net_applet
   gui), and if it is the first time you use this profile, it is created
   with base on your current settings.
 - You configure your network card to use DHCP, configure your
   corporate-specific proxy and firewall settings, and continue using your
   machine normally.
 - When you come back home, you switch the profile back to default, and your
   previous settings are restored.

You may also specify what network profile to use on boot, by passing the
'PROFILE=<profile name>' option to the boot loader. If you have multiple
profiles, and no boot parameter was specified, a menu dialog will appear on
boot asking you to select the profile to use.

That's it!

Have fun!
